So I'm hoping that you have basic
skills with the terminal and Git.
So those are things we're just
be kind of assuming you have.
And then a solid foundation with HTML,
CSS and JavaScript.
Again, you need to be a master at any of
them, but as long as you know the basic
syntax and how it basically
works you should be good to go.
And then basic knowledge of Vue 2,
it said Vue 3 here but Vue 2,
Vue 3, will be good enough.
We'll be covering Vue 3 basically
functionality as we go, and
providing a brief overview.
So we won't be diving in-depth, but
hopefully should be enough
to catch people up.
And then as people have more questions,
I'm happy to answer those during
the coding exercise and whatnot.
As far as tooling goes, again, just to
make sure everything is on the list.
Having Git it's really important
because if you haven't checked
already inside the chat, there's
the official repo for the workshop.
And so throughout the workshop I'll be
pushing up different branches so that you
can basically jump in at a certain point
if you feel like you're getting lost, and
so knowledge of Git will be key.
The LTS version of node
would be appreciated for
you to download and update cuz that'll
basically help with the tooling for Nuxt,
cuz you're using basically
the latest version of node.
And then we're using VS code,
and so for those using VS code,
there are two particular
extensions I highly recommend.
The first is Volar.
And so Volar is like the feature of Vue 2,
where it allows you to do
the syntax highlighting.
But then on top of that, it adds
the type checking and all that stuff.
And this is even if you're
not using TypeScript,
it'll still do all this for you.
So Volar is key.
And then Text Pastry is an extension
that I highly recommend people
have during workshops, because it's
really great at generating lists of data.
And so just to demo that real quick,
so I'm gonna create a new file here.
So sometimes when we
need to create mock data,
you might need to say, I wanna create,
let's say four objects, right?
So you might be like, okay, here,
I'll create empty bracket one, two,
three, four.
And then you need like a custom ID, right?
And so normally what a lot of us
do is we'll go come in here, and
we'll just fake the data.
Will be like ID and then with Text Pastry,
one of the things I can
do is I can do a numbers.
And be like ID 0123.
Which is in itself, that's helpful, right?
If you can do incremental
numbers like that.
But what it can also help you do actually
it's gonna also help you generate some
UUIDs as well.
And that's super great for just faking
some data and making sure things work.
Because if anyone has built with
any client side frameworks enough,
you'll probably have had the experience
where you accidentally got lazy with
labeling the key on an element.
And then when you're doing a transition or
some sort of animation,
things started getting jumbled, because
this key conflicted with another key.
And so just having a nice way to easily
generate UUIDs is super helpful that
I found.
So, Text Pastry is the VS
code extension for that.
And finally, like any good
framework there are Vue DevTools.
So I believe it's for
most of the major browsers, so
I'll be using the one in Chrome.
But the link that you see inside of
the resource is to the GitHub repo, and
I think it should link out to all the
different browser extensions depending on
whatever you use.
So yeah,
hopefully that helps to get you started.